Crocin 650mg
Crocin 650mg tablets have higher dose of paracetamol as compared to regular paracetamol (500mg)
It is strong on pain and gentle on you. Crocin 650 mg tablets can be used for treatment of mild-to-moderate pain including muscle ache (like generalized body pain, back pain, neck pain, shoulder pain etc.), musculoskeletal pain, joint pain, toothache. Do not exceed the stated dose. Overdose may be injurious to liver. Seek medical help in case of overdose even if you feel well. Do not give to children under 12 years of age. Seek medical advice if symptoms persist or if suffering from liver/kidney impairment, blood clotting disorders. Do not use with other paracetamol containing products.
https://www.1mg.com/otc/crocin-650mg-tablet-otc90532

Wildcraft Reusable Mask
It is used to filter out harmful pollutants and microbes, helping you breathe fresh air
The mask is designed with a 6-layered triple filtration system. It is a reusable mask that is ideal for outdoor usage, especially if you stay in polluted cities. It is also known to offer protection against various microbes due to its ability to block the entry of microbes when you breathe. It can be used in all weather conditions, keeping breathability and comfort intact. The mask facilitates protection from dangerous microbes, pollutants, dust, particulate matter, and smoke from vehicle exhausts, factories, and bushfires. It is a reusable respirator mask which means that you can wash it and use it. The mask is reusable up to 30 gentle hand washes. It is tested as per standards set by BIS (Bureau of Indian Standards) and made from high-quality products to offer the best protection. It has 95%+ particle filtration efficiency (PFE) for particles and bacteria sized over 0.3µm (micron). Its fabric has been tested using a Hydrostatic head test for up to 160 mmHg which determines how waterproof the material is. The test showed that this mask can offer protection against accidental fluid/sneeze droplets from reaching the user's nose and mouth. The mask is available in different colors and sizes. You can pick these masks as per your convenience and standards. These masks are designed to achieve a very close facial fit and efficient filtration of harmful pollutants in the air.
https://www.1mg.com/otc/wildcraft-hypashield-w95-reusable-outdoor-protection-respirator-black-large-mask-otc592635

Metacin Tablet
Metacin Tablet is a medicine used to relieve pain and to reduce fever. It is used to treat many conditions such as headache, body ache, toothache and common cold
Metacin Tablet is a common painkiller used to treat aches and pains. It works by blocking chemical messengers in the brain that tell us we have pain. It is effective in relieving pain caused by headache, migraine, nerve pain, toothache, sore throat, period (menstrual) pains, arthritis, and muscle aches. This medicine is very widely used and very rarely causes side effects, if taken at the right dosage. Take it as it is prescribed to get the most benefit. Do not take more or for longer than needed as that can be dangerous. In general, you should take the lowest dose that works, for the shortest possible time. It is also the first choice of painkiller during pregnancy or breastfeeding. Metacin Tablet is also used to reduce a high temperature (fever). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever. It may be prescribed alone or in combination with another medicine. You should take it regularly as advised by your doctor.
https://www.1mg.com/drugs/metacin-tablet-152092

Savlon Antiseptic Liquid
Savlon Antiseptic Liquid works as an effective antiseptic formula containing Chlorhexidine Gluconate and Cetrimide
It is a strong antiseptic liquid for first aid treatment. It protects against infection by washing out dirt and debris and killing bacteria in cuts, grazes and minor wounds without the need to touch sore or broken skin. Chlorhexidine Gluconate is a strong antibacterial that kills bacteria and prevents infection. Cetrimide is a powerful sterilizing agent that has disinfectant properties. Owing to its disinfecting properties, it can be added to bathing or floor cleaning water. Can be applied on Baby or adult diaper rashes. Can be used for lavatories, sinks, drains, waste bins, dustbins, on floors, kitchen, bathroom and hard surfaces where hygiene is essential. It is useful in the nursery, sickroom and where pets have touched. May also be used for personal hygiene or bathing to cleanse the skin and protect against germs.
https://www.1mg.com/otc/savlon-antiseptic-liquid-otc156989

Ensure Powder (Chocolate)
Ensure Powder is a source of complete and balanced nutrition for supplemental use with or between meals
It is useful in aiding treatment of nutritional deficiency, weight loss, and can be used by those recovering from illness, surgery or low residue diets. It contains Corn Syrup, Corn Maltodextrin, Sugar, Corn Oil, Sodium and Calcium Caseinates, Soy Protein Isolate, Potassium Citrate, Magnesium Chloride, Calcium Phosphate, and Sodium Citrate. Ensure provides complete and balanced nutrition. Helps make bones stronger. Helps in strengthening the immune system. It supports digestive health. Useful in boosting metabolism. Helps in maintaining fluid and electrolyte balance. Supplies the body with energy.
https://www.1mg.com/otc/ensure-chocolate-powder-refill-otc516972

Himalaya Ophthacare Eye Drop
Himalaya Ophthacare Eye Drop helps to keep the eyes safe from infections and allergic disorders
Himalaya Ophthacare Eye Drop contains a mixture of Honey and Persian Rose. Honey acts as an effective anti-inflammatory agent which has a soothing effect on the eyes. Persian Rose has unique cooling properties and helps in treating eye strain as well as computer vision syndrome.. Its cooling and antibacterial effects soothe the eyes in case of irritation. Facilitates the quick healing of minor wounds. It provides relief from dry eyes, eye strain, swelling, redness, and inflammation. Helps to remove elements that damage eyes (atmospheric pollutants). It provides relief to those wearing lenses and improves eyesight as well as vision. Read the label carefully before use. Store in a cool dry place away from direct sunlight. Keep out of reach of the children. Use under medical supervision.
https://www.1mg.com/otc/himalaya-ophthacare-eye-drop-otc131470